* 
* Wikidumps
*
* @author: Kai Kühn / ontoprise / 2009
*

Contents:

    1. Format
    2. Create a dump
    3. Import a dump
    
1. Format

   The wikidumps use basically the same XML format than Mediawiki does. But it was extended slightly
   
     A hash attribute for each page to indicate that is has changed or not. The hash is included as 
     annotation during the import process.
    
2. Create dump

    A dump has to contain a special annotation (english, for other languages see language files):
            
      Part of bundle    
       
    They should be contained in a template which is embedded in each page conataining to
    the bundle. Except for instances which are members of categories which is part of the bundle.
    They are included automatically.
    The exporter reads these attribute values and adds them in the dump. It also
    creates a hash value about the text content and stores it in the attribute 'Content hash'.
    
    The page containing the bundle should have the following annotations:
    
        Ontology version (1..1), integer number, e.g. 120
        Dependency (1..n), n-ary annotation (id, minVesion, maxVersion)
        Installation dir (1..1) string
        Vendor (1..1) string
        Description (1..1) string
    
        
    export.php supports all options the default MW export script does + these 2:
        
        -b <bundlename> (bundlename always lowercase!)
        --nocat (do not consider instances of categories belonging to the bundle)
    
    For convenience the shell script (export.bat/sh) is recommended. Its usage is:    
    
      export <bundlename> <bundledir>
      
      The directory gets created automatically.
      
    Example:
    
      export mybundle mybundledir
      
      Exports all pages belonging to the bundle 'mybundle' (including instances of categories of the bundle) and
      returns a dump.xml and deploy.xml file in the directory 'mybundledir'    
    
3. Import dump

    When a dump is imported, the hash value is read and added as annotation to the page. By default
    it is not visible in the rendered text but in the factbox.
    
    Dumps are imported using either maintenance/import or (better) the smwadmin tool.
    